# Chris-s_Stuff_For_Sale
Hello welcome my stuff for sale this app uses inquirer and mysql. This app uses two tables one to store the items and the department it belongs to the amount of items sold the amount we have in inventory and the cost of each item. The first part of the app is the customer.js which requires the list.js and the customerPurchase.js. Using the list method this part of the app calls up all the items we have to offer. The user then selects the item they would like to purchase using the id of the item along with the amount of said item they would like to purchase. That is when the total method is called showing the cost of said purchase. If they are done shopping after their purchase then it calles update method which creates a query that updates the product sales and subtracts from the quanity. 

Then we have order.js which list.js and addTo_db.js. The addTo_db.js has the object addTo which contains many methods used in order.js. Order.js allows the user first to select if they are working or not. If they say yes then it asks what kind of work are we doing. You can view a lists of items ordered by stock quanity from lowest to highest, order more stock, add new items to the store and last but not least remove an item from our store. Depending on what the user chooses effects the method called and query used to accomplish said task. Once a task is done it asks the worker to see if they are still working or not. 

The last part of this app is manager. The manager has two job add new departments to the store and check department total sales. This one requires both addTo_db.js and storeData.js. StoreData.js orders only job is to use SUM mysql function to add up all the departments sale totals then join the inventory table with the sections table on the department type. This allows the manager to see total department sales. The addTo_db.js is used to call the newDept method which allows the manager to insert a new department into the sections table. 

Overall this app is more about test my ability to use tables and inquirer then anything else. The biggest issues I have was converting the mysql code into node.js code using dynamic vars. I also ran into a issue of creating the join that took me a while to get it to do what i wanted. I went through a lot of odd looking joins where i either got the departments and no totals or vice versa. I also had a odd issue to solve which was to not allow the worker to add a item to a department that didnt exist. That took getting some help as far as figuring out how to get inquirer to work with me on it. Resulted in creating empty array pushing in each department into that array using a query gain access to each department. Overall this was fun app to make and was a interesting push into learning how to manipulate tables and more learning about inquirer
